when I went to college we were lucky you didn't have to really take out
loans that was in a common way of going to college you can get five
by a part time job and money you saved up over the summers now it's
gotten so expensive in some schools teach you you might be in a position
where you have to take a loan she semi rare you very careful
about that and you know the state schools are still the best deal dollar
for dollar and virtually everything you can do it in a private
school or a proprietary school you can get a state school where the
taxpayers are paying some of the load for you so consider those very
carefully before you take out loans there while giveaways to finance
you educate careful with the loans